Hi and welcome to this section of Autonomous Vehicle Sensor Sets.
Now, the goal here is to give you a brief overview of the sensor sets of
some of the autonomous vehicles you might currently see on public roads.
It's really important for you to have this overview of
the variety of sensor types among those vehicles.
What you will find is that they have a varying degree of redundancy,
overlapping fields of view, and in some cases,
fundamentally different approaches to sensor packaging.
That's how the sensor is integrated into the vehicle.
Also, it should take special note of similarities between those vehicles and think about
reasons why the Tesla approach to autonomy might
be different from Uber's concept, for example.
Now, let's dive into autonomous vehicle sensors and have fun exploring.